The code for this was made by Stefan2008!
OS Engine? Hah, that engine sucks.
codename more like boringname.
This engine is better than OS Engine in every way.
have you heard about joke songs?
Support ShadowMario! He made Psych Engine.
"Try to add something here tho." yeah i just did
Stefan2008 is a real one
'this engine sucks' YOU SUCK!!
this is truly a peak engine
The only engine that can compare with this is smth like uhh Denpa? DenpaEx?
Double Kill but literally everyone sings it when?
Stefan2008: 'Actually there's so many tips here tho' Jordan: 'yeah sure'
Hey MemeHoovy. You are so awesome, cool and nice person.
Grafex Engine? Good choice, so yeah.
this engine is better than os engine in every way
Welcome to HaxeFlixel!
Powered entirely by JavaScript!
Tip: Press the notes.
Wait, Play Engine moment?
Tip: Press the keys and don't die.
OH MY GOD!! SCROLLING TEXT!!
I kinda like future in 2024- Wait, 2024 EXISTS????? HUHHHH??? AND IT'S NOW 2025!? WE'RE IN THE FUTURE!!!
Stefan's grammar is so bad and un-understandable for real
Tip: Playback Speed can go to -1x and higher.
Tip: You can change the keybinds in the options.
Tip: You can change the splash skin in the options.
Tip: You can change the note skin in the options.
this engine is better than SB engine in every way
Tip: You can change the Notesound *Tick* in the options.
Tip: the opponent hitsound has hitsounds.
All it takes is one YouTube Video
These tips were also inspired by Denpa Engine & JS Engine!
Did you know? The first ever FNF chart that reached over 100mb is Cydonian Sky 2!
Tip: get good
2 + 2 = 4!
These are some Funny things appear if you hit 9
What's a debug without a 7? ;)
Uhh, I don't know what to put here.
Hello! I'm a tip!
Made in HaxeFlixel, powered by Haxe, made by bananaTiko
This engine is better than Grafex Engine in every way.
This engine is better than Play Engine in every way.
This engine is better than Denpa Engine in every way.
This engine is better than Psych Engine in every way.
V-slice more like Null Object Reference
I wonder what goombas taste like...
Finna blow up a toilet
Feel free to put your mod in this engine!
Be nice my BALLS!!
Fun fact! I am 20 kilometers away from your location and I am rapidly approaching. Start running.
If you see that your memory is leaking, then KJLÑWQEJKLÑTFIKOREI,POǛT45O,`.P6B+.O,P`5R7,IO56KPO.
Follow the rhythm ------ of your heart~
To win, you must keep your health above 0.
The vegans ate the grass on my backyard!
Oyur muohm sayZ ghet ghud
FFNFNFN RUN BNTICH REAL ! ! !
BananaTiko says: "hi!"
"waaaah this engine sucks because its unoptimized!!" HOW ABOUT ACTUALLY SUGGEST SOME OPTIMIZATIONS THAT I CAN DO? OPTIMIZE THE CODE AND MAKE A PR BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW OPTIMIZATION
Always work 24/7, if you don't then you are lazy.
Imagine fnf psych engine but with 1,000 features
Imagine you just- i forgot.
Imagine fnf psych engine rtx mode 
Imaging fnf psych engine 3d support
I challenge you to learn lua and code a 250kb lua file, trust me you need to be a master to do it.
Did you know that the name of the file that's loading this tip is named "funnyTips.txt"?
Did you know pressing up down Twice and up down Twice on the title will unlock a secret song!
Shadow the Hedgehog's a bitch-ass motherfucker, he pissed on my fucking wife.
69th line, nice.
SB Engine? what's that?
P Slice? Are you high?
V Slice? Are you Null Object Reference
While in the Gameplay Changers menu, press R to reset ALL of your settings at once!
Did you know that if you press 7 twice while on this menu, nothing will happen? :trollface:
fun fact: djshf)(*^(#3902854kjhdf&@^DSO*&(S*&DSHKJDS)
The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.
Untitled Psych Fork is mentioned in the Funkipedia Mods Wiki exactly 0 times.
This is the 76th fact that was added in here.
Play Osu!mania
why you are reading this?
I'm a tip, not a fact.
I'm a fact, not a tip.
Last Rizzmas, I gave you my gyatt But the very next day, you got Fanum taxed. This year, to save me from mewing, I'll give it to someone rizzful.
Google en passant
Throughout Heaven and Earth, I alone am the honored one. The merit of having a technique that's passed down for generations is having a user's manual. The demerit is that information about the technique is easily leaked. You were a member of the Zen'in clan, weren't you? That's why you know so much about the Limitless technique.  However, even in the Gojo clan, only a scant few know about this. Take the amplified and the reversal, then smash together those two different expressions of infinity to create and push out imaginary mass. Imaginary Technique: Purple.





youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
youtube.com/watch?v=ZUvnJs7lJv8
youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw
youtube.com/watch?v=QH2-TGUlwu4
youtube.com/watch?v=_OBlgSz8sSM
youtube.com/watch?v=oavMtUWDBTM
youtube.com/watch?v=EIyixC9NsLI
youtube.com/watch?v=s8MDNFaGfT4